Create Solid Labs (#268)
solid/solidproject.org: solid-labs.md

---
layout: page
title: "Labs"
permalink: labs
---

> Here are some academic groups specifically doing research around Sold. If you are interested in being listed send an email to info@solidproject.org with a description of the research project and link to the website. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several academic groups conduct research around Solid. If you are interested in being listed send an email to info@solidproject.org with a description of the research project and link to the website. 
```

### [MIT](https://www.mit.edu) - [CSAIL DIG](http://dig.csail.mit.edu) 
Boston, USA 

Solid started at the [CSAIL Solid Social Linked Data Lab](https://www.csail.mit.edu/research/solid-social-linked-data) in 2015, which is now [CSAIL DIG](http://dig.csail.mit.edu). The research on Solid at MIT focuses include verifiable credentials, privacy-preserving data aggregation on the decentralised web and investigating decentralised management of health and fitness data. 

> Contact = [Lalana Kagal](https://www.csail.mit.edu/person/lalana-kagal)

Reviewer: What's up with the `=`? That is weird.

### [Oxford University Computer Science Lab](http://www.cs.ox.ac.uk) - [Oxford Martin School's program on Ethical Web and Data Architectures](https://www.oxfordmartin.ox.ac.uk/ethical-web-and-data-architectures). 

The work at the Oxford Martin School's program on Ethical Web and Data Architectures focuses on four themes: data autonomy, data privacy, algorithmic accountability, and data sharing. In 2020, a grant was recieved to architect new ethical data systems such as Solid. 

Contact = [Nigel Shadbolt](https://www.cs.ox.ac.uk/people/nigel.shadbolt/)

### The [KNowledge on Web Scale (KNoWS)](https://knows.idlab.ugent.be/) group at [Ghent University](https://www.ugent.be/en) – [imec](https://www.imec-int.com/) 
Ghent, Belgium 

> IMEC has been involved in Solid for several years and are currently working on the community Solid server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imec has been involved in Solid for several years, focusing on data interoperability, querying, scalability, and the developer experience. They are currently building the [Solid Community Server](https://github.com/solid/community-server/).
```

Contact = [Ruben Verborgh](https://ruben.verborgh.org)

### [University of Oviedo](http://www.uniovi.es/en)- [WESO](http://www.weso.es)
Oviedo, Spain

Classes at WESO now have the tradition of a competition for the best Solid app produced during their course. 

Contact = [Jose Emilio Labra Gayo](http://labra.weso.es)

### [CERN](https://home.cern) - [Indico](https://indico.cern.ch/event/915906/)
Geneva, Switzerland 

> CERN is heavily involved in open source, and working on making Indico Solid compatible. 

Reviewer: What is Indico? Or a link at least.

Contact = [Maria Dimou](http://dimou.web.cern.ch/dimou/)

### [Open University] - [Open Blockchain Group](https://blockchain.open.ac.uk/#covid-19)
Milton Keynes, UK

> The Open University runs an experimental server and works on a covid-19 immunity passport Solid app. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Open University runs an experimental server and works on a COVID-19 immunity passport Solid app. 
```
